# At-FSTC--We-provide-Commercial-pilot-training-in-India-if-you-want-to-become-a-pilot-we-are-the-bes
COMERCIAL PILOT TRAING CENTRE INDIA FSTC- Flight Simulator Training Centre is the pilot training Centre headquarter at Gurgaon FSTC provide best pilot training in India. FSTC’s staff members are prepared to deliver the highest quality training for our customer. FSTC achieved milestone by having TRTO certification from DGCA, India. FSTC has trained more than 1200 pilots all that are successful with airlines in India and abroad. FSTC training Centre are located in Gurgaon and also in Hyderabad. Mission of FSTC training Centre is to leading pilot training Establishment in India, it will give highest quality of pilot training services. And it will be biggest commercial pilot training Centre in India and FSTC give safety and security to our customers. FSTC vision is giving high quality training in a safe and effective manner. Board of directors FSTC have two directors that one is CAPT. D S BASRAON director and other is P R SRINIVASAN director. CAPT. D S BASRAON is an ex- air force pilot and a qualified pilot on A330 and A320 fleet type. Pilot trainer is the dream of CAPT. D S BASRAON he wants to give best pilot training to his clients and students. Mr. Srinivasan has founded Exponential. P R SRINIVASAN director was also the member of a CVCI team Mr. Srinivasan was one of the founders of HSBC Private Equity in India. Mr. Srinivasan was have bachelor degree from college of engineering Gundy, Chennai and also have post graduate diploma in management Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore. FSTC have multi type of training devices that one is Tecnam P2006T (multi-engine), and second is Tecnam P2008 (single engine), and third one is CESSNA 172R,  Tecnam P2006T (multi-engine), is the pilot training devices, The Tecnam P2006T is a high-winged, twin-engine light aircraft manufactured by Costruzioni Aeronautiche Tecnam, Italy. the tecnam is single engine devices tecnam first deliveries in December 2009. To know more about our services call us on …………… or mail us …………………… &lt;a href = “https://fstc.in/”> Commercial pilot training India &lt;/a>
